OK, I'll show it to you.
Uncle Li, you drank the stomach medicine to ensure that you are sick
Boss, you are here.
This medicine not only eliminates fatigue
What else can be beautiful
Wife doesn't drink
You said that?
Who says I can't drink?
This tastes really good.
Husband, if I'm tired in the future, you can cook for me more
Just enough for my wife
Don't say anything.
Don't want me to drink the medicine
Don't say I'm alright
But it's your credit
I tell you to dream
Why are you so unreasonable?
You doctor doesn't say anything
I will not drink this medicine
I say you speak louder
I said you are a fair and jade carving generation
Nothing will be good
You want to know, right? Then I'll tell you now.